Feat/agent 1.9.0 (#2604)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/integration/categories/endpoint/sekoiaio.md

- A list of filters defining the conditions to match an event. All filters must match for the rule to match.
  Each filter is composed of:
    - A field name: `field`
    - An operator: `operator`
    - A value: `value`

The supported operators are:

| Operator code | Description                                           | Field type |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| ==            | The field value is equal to the value                 | all        |
| !=            | The field value is not equal to the value             | all        |
| contains      | The field value contains the value                    | string     |
| not contains  | The field value does not contain the value            | string     |
| >             | The field value is greater than the value             | number     |
| >=            | The field value is greater than or equal to the value | number     |
| <             | The field value is less than the value                | number     |
| <=            | The field value is less than or equal to the value    | number     |

> Here is an example of an optimization rule ignoring events where the process name is `notepad.exe` and the file extension is `txt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of an optimization rule that instructs the agent not to forward events when the process name is `notepad.exe` and the file extension is `.txt`:
```
